Add Python integration docs for Strawberry (#8085)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/integrations/strawberry/index.mdx

---
title: Strawberry

> description: "Learn about importing the Strawberry GraphQL integration and how it captures GraphQL errors and spans."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to import the Strawberry GraphQL integration and how it captures GraphQL errors and spans."
```

---

> The Strawberry integration captures errors and operations from the
> [Strawberry GraphQL library](https://strawberry.rocks/). These can then be viewed
> in [Sentry](https://sentry.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Strawberry integration captures errors and operations from the
[Strawberry GraphQL library](https://strawberry.rocks/), which can then be viewed
in [Sentry](https://sentry.io).
```

Add `StrawberryIntegration()` to your `integrations` list:

<SignInNote />

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.integrations.strawberry import StrawberryIntegration

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
    integrations=[
        # Set async_execution to True if you have at least one async resolver
        StrawberryIntegration(async_execution=True),
    ],
)
```

## Verify

Make sure you have all the prerequisites installed:

```bash
pip install 'strawberry-graphql[debug-server]'
pip install fastapi
```

Create a `schema.py` file with the following contents:

```python
import strawberry

sentry_sdk.init(...)  # as above

async def resolve_hello(root) -> str:
    1 / 0
    return "Hello world!"

@strawberry.type
class Query:
    hello: str = strawberry.field(resolver=resolve_hello)

schema = strawberry.Schema(Query)
```

To start the web server, run:

```bash
strawberry server schema
```

Navigate to [http://127.0.0.1:8000/graphql](http://127.0.0.1:8000/graphql) in your
browser. You should see the GraphiQL graphical interface.

> Type `query HelloQuery { hello }` into the query input field and press the
> "Execute query" button. Your web server will be queried, which will result in an
> exception thanks to the `ZeroDivisionError` we've snuck into the `resolve_hello`
> resolver.
> 
> This will create a `GraphQLError` in the Issues section as well as a transaction
> in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).
> 
> It takes a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type `query HelloQuery { hello }` into the query input field then press the
"Execute query" button. Your web server will be queried, which should result in an
exception due to the `ZeroDivisionError` we've snuck into the `resolve_hello`
resolver.

This will create a `GraphQLError` in the Issues section as well as a transaction
in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io). It will take a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).
```

> ## Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Options

There are several options you will get to choose from:
```

> ### Synchronous vs. asynchronous execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Synchronous vs. Asynchronous Execution
```

> Strawberry supports both synchronous and asynchronous execution of GraphQL
> queries. If you have at least one async resolver, you should initialize
> `StrawberryIntegration` with `async_execution=True`, otherwise `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strawberry supports both synchronous and asynchronous execution of GraphQL
queries. If you have at least one async resolver, you should initialize
`StrawberryIntegration` with `async_execution=True`, otherwise set it to `False`.
```

> The SDK will make a best-effort guess if `async_execution` is not provided
> based on installed web frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK will make a best-effort guess if `async_execution` is not provided,
based on installed web frameworks.
```

```python
sentry_sdk.init(
    # (...) other options
    integrations=[
        StrawberryIntegration(async_execution=True),  # or False
    ],
)
```

### Capturing request and response bodies

The Strawberry integration can capture request and response bodies
for each GraphQL error that happens. Since these may contain sensitive data,
this is the default behavior. To enable capturing request and response bodies, the
SDK needs to be initialized with the
[send_default_pii](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/configuration/options/#send-default-pii) option set to `True`.

```python
sentry_sdk.init(
    # same options as above
    send_default_pii=True,
)
```

<Alert level="warning" title="Note">

> Since `send_default_pii` is a global SDK option, setting it to `True` affects all
> integrations, not just Strawberry. Please make sure to take care of
> [removing sensitive data](/platforms/python/data-management/sensitive-data/)
> from events before enabling this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `send_default_pii` is a global SDK option, setting it to `True` will affect all
integrations, not just Strawberry. Please make sure to
[remove sensitive data](/platforms/python/data-management/sensitive-data/)
from events before enabling this option.
```

`StrawberryIntegration` with `async_execution=True`, otherwise set it to `False`.

The SDK will make a best-effort guess if `async_execution` is not provided,
based on installed web frameworks.

```python
sentry_sdk.init(
    # (...) other options
    integrations=[
        StrawberryIntegration(async_execution=True),  # or False
    ],
)
```

### Capturing Request and Response Bodies

The Strawberry integration can capture request and response bodies
for each GraphQL error that happens. Since these may contain sensitive data,
this is the default behavior. To enable capturing request and response bodies, the
SDK needs to be initialized with the
[send_default_pii](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/configuration/options/#send-default-pii) option set to `True`.

```python
sentry_sdk.init(
    # same options as above
    send_default_pii=True,
)
```

<Alert level="warning" title="Note">

Since `send_default_pii` is a global SDK option, setting it to `True` will affect all
integrations, not just Strawberry. Please make sure to
[remove sensitive data](/platforms/python/data-management/sensitive-data/)
from events before enabling this option.

</Alert>

## Notes

> Strawberry comes with a (now deprecated) built-in
> [Sentry tracing extension](https://strawberry.rocks/docs/extensions/sentry-tracing)
> that this integration is built on. If you're using both, the Sentry SDK
> integration will deactivate the built-in Strawberry extension to prevent
> duplicate traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Strawberry integration was built on and comes with a (now deprecated) 
[Sentry tracing extension](https://strawberry.rocks/docs/extensions/sentry-tracing). To prevent duplicate traces, the Sentry SDK integration will deactivate the built-in Strawberry extension if you happen to be using both.
```

Author: Applied the change to the second sentence but left the first one as is -- Strawberry the library atm comes with a Sentry extension that we're now essentially replacing by including a Strawberry integration in Sentry instead.
